---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "imgix_source Resource - terraform-provider-imgix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Allows managing Imgix sources
---

# Resource `imgix_source`

Allows managing Imgix sources



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **deployment** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--deployment))
- **name** (String) Source display name. Does not impact how images are served.

### Optional

- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether or not a Source is enabled and capable of serving traffic.
- **wait_for_deployed** (Boolean) Determines if Terraform should wait for deployed status after any change

### Read-only

- **date_deployed** (Number) Unix timestamp of when this Source was deployed.
- **deployment_status** (String) Current deployment status. Possible values are deploying, deployed, disabled, and deleted.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **secure_url_token** (String) Signing token used for securing images. Only present if deployment.secure_url_enabled is true.
- **type** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment`

Required:

- **imgix_subdomains** (List of String) Subdomain you want to use on *.imgix.net to access your images.
- **type** (String)

Optional:

- **annotation** (String) Any comment on the specific deployment.
- **cache_ttl_behavior** (String) Policy to determine how the TTL on imgix images is set.
- **cache_ttl_error** (Number) TTL (in seconds) for any error image served when unable to fetch a file from origin.
- **cache_ttl_value** (Number) TTL (in seconds) used by whatever cache mode is set by cache_ttl_behavior.
- **crossdomain_xml_enabled** (Boolean) Whether this Source should serve a Cross-Domain Policy file if requested.
- **custom_domains** (List of String) Non-imgix.net domains you want to use to access your images. Custom domains must be unique across all Sources and must be valid domains.
- **default_params** (Map of String) Parameters that should be set on all requests to this Source.
- **image_error** (String) Image URL imgix should serve instead when a request results in an error.
- **image_error_append_qs** (Boolean) Whether imgix should pass the parameters on the request that received an error to the URL described in image_error
- **image_missing** (String) Image URL imgix should serve instead when a request results in a missing image.
- **image_missing_append_qs** (Boolean) Whether imgix should pass the parameters on the request that resulted in a missing image to the URL described in image_missing.
- **s3_access_key** (String) Access Key ID.
- **s3_bucket** (String) S3 bucket name.
- **s3_prefix** (String) The folder prefix prepended to the image path before resolving the image in S3.
- **s3_secret_key** (String, Sensitive) S3 Secret Access Key.
- **secure_url_enabled** (Boolean) Whether requests must be signed with the secure_url_token to be considered valid.

Read-only:

- **allows_upload** (Boolean) Whether imgix has the right permissions for this Source to upload to origin.


